campus police here at the University of
Chicago swept in around 500 a.m. as
students were sleeping there were dozens
of tents and the students had occupied
an encampment in a large space out here
in the central quad of the University of
Chicago talks had come to an impass the
university said it could not agree to
the students commands faculty came out
on Monday and said they supported the
students many of them and the students
remain in Camp but knew that something
was going to have to come to a head well
campus police came in and they tore down
all of the tents that students had put
up move back move back move back leave
the area move back the breakup of the
encampment of the University of Chicago
has people here at depal University
wondering will they be next we aren't
very much concerned as of right now but
obviously things can tend to change um
by tomorrow or the day after even by
tonight you never know when Chicago
police were called in to break up a
demonstration at the school at the Art
Institute of Chicago they showed little
reluctance to come in and arrest dozens
of individuals John hendin Al jazer
Chicago make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz